docs(general): update installation on Alpine docs (#4474)
bridgecrewio/checkov: docs/2.Basics/Installing Checkov.md

### Install on Alpine

In general, it is not recommended to use Alpine with larger Python projects, like Checkov, because of incompatible C extensions.
Currently, Checkov can only be installed on Alpine with Python 3.11+, but it is not officially tested or supported.

> Currently, it is only possible to install it on Alpine with Python 3.11+.

Reviewer: Should delete this line now

Author: 🙈

### Install on Alpine

> In general, it is not recommended to use Alpine with bigger Python projects, like `checkov`, due to the incompatibility of C extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, it is not recommended to use Alpine with larger Python projects, like Chekhov, because of incompatible C extensions.
Currently, Checkov can only be installed on Alpine with Python 3.11+, but it is not officially tested or supported.
```
